So we're gonna take in a video,
we're gonna take into Canvas.
All right, we're not done, but let us okay
yes, and it's bouncing because we have
the permission still going but let's go
back to main and sort of symmetrical to
how we got the video element which
was created by our get video.
In this case, we can decide how we want,
which Canvas we want to
pull from the page in.
In this case, we only have one,
but who knows?
You could go wild and
just have a whole bunch of can buy.
[LAUGH] And so
what we can do then there is we
can import our new thing that
we call drawVideo, okay, great.
[LAUGH] We can import java drawVideo
along with our getVideo by
putting a comma between these here and
this is the exact same
destructuring syntax that we
can use within an assignment or
within a function declaration for
the parameters.
So same syntax there,
we can import multiple things
at once from the same module.
Okay, so now we can do something like,
drawVideo,
video, and helpfully,
VS Code is even telling me
what the signature is
of my drawVideo method.
And so those colon any, colon any, that's
some typeScript stuff that is probably
an artifact of having written some
other TypeScript code in this and
had set up some TypeScript tooling.
But in any case, another reason
why TypeScript has gotten so
popular is because it works really
nicely with these developer tools where
it can give us all of this.
Like kind of static in this information
that it gets from just reading our code
base and looking at all
the declarations and everything,
which then VS code can take advantage
of to give us helpful hints as we type.
Okay, but for now,
we just it just reminds us that yes,
we do the video first,
and then the canvas.
Cool, fabulous, wonderful, all right.
And nothing happened because we didn't
really do anything [LAUGH] let's fix it,
okay, we have a video
element that we're not using,
we have a Canvas that we're
get using to get the context.
And we're not using that either so
now we have to put them together and
does anyone remember her without
me switching to this slide.
Slides, what I need to do to draw
this video to this canvas context.
So it starts, let's see if
VS Code can help us, shall we?
So it starts with basically all of
the stuff we're gonna do to the canvas is
the rendering context is
what's gonna help us do that.
So we'll start start typing context.
Thanks, VS Code, yes.
So what we're looking for, and we can
go back to our reference here, or our.
Handy dandy MDN reference,
is to call context.drawImage, and
then the video, and then the origin point.
Point of where we want to
start drawing that video.
And we could add a whole bunch of other
arguments to specify the sizes, but
let's just try the basic.
So copy, okay, fab,
let's see what happens.
Okay, well,
we have something happening, but
it's probably not what we
intended to happen, right?
So interesting, what's going on here?
We drew something.
We drew nothing.
But, before it was just blank.
Now we have a rectangle.
So that's winning.
[LAUGH] So we are drawing.
This is all valid.
We're drawing a video to the screen,
but let's poke around here.
So we've been debugging.
We've been poking around at things.
We've been trying to look at different
events and I'm a little puzzled, but
here's one thing that we can do.
And again, does the web always make sense
to do it to any of us even if we've
been doing it professionally for
years, like, no, no,
all of the things, no, of course, and
I am certainly last at least of all.
However, there's also something that we
could do which is essentially, wait for
our user to actually interact with
the page, and click on the button.
And so what we could do is, essentially,
instead of drawing the video on an event
that's just attached to the video,
what we actually want the user
to be able to do is control when
the picture gets taken, right, ideally.
So, let's start working on
our button click handler and
see if we can find a workaround for
this event situation that
we're not making progress on.
How's that sound?
>> Great.
>> Fabulous, okay, so we have a button.
Its id is counter, I mean we could change
that like maybe to camera because now that
was a historical accident also.
So now, I probably wanna get the button.
We've done this a billion times,
so button.
Document, get element by ID camera.
I could have given it a different name
cuz it's a button, it's not a camera, but
like, I don't know, launch camera,
whatever you can id away
how you feel appropriate.
And so now, instead of doing
this draw video in an event.
When an event from the video fires,
we wanna wait for
an event from the user
interaction to fire,
which is actually more the behavior
we want this page to have.
We were just trying to see
if we could draw something.
But really what we want to do is not
just be willy-nilly drawing frames to
the canvas, we wanna be able to let
the user take a selfie cuz that's what
the button says it does.
So [LAUGH] let's try to do that.
So we can do button at our
handy dandy event listener,
click, and then do some stuff and
we can try to handle this in here,
let us see if that works.
I honestly, I'm not confident.
And the other thing is,
what we could also do is since this video,
it's not like a YouTube video or like some
kind of file that we want the user to
only play when they're
ready to start watching it.
It's like a live feed, right?
So we can actually like start playing it
basically whenever because we're not now
trying to make sure that there's a handler
before we fire the events and blah, blah.
So we could do this earlier in the file,
we could even
probably put it back where it was
before in the get video function.
And by the way, I was messing around.
So this is again, this is just like
there's an older version of this API
where you have to like do
a little more work and
use the get an object URL and
blah blah blah.
So this is like one pattern that you might
see a lot is like try something that is
how modern browsers will do it and
if that doesn't work and ideally you're.
Doing a little more checking that
this isn't like some other error,
[LAUGH] then use the fallback
of the older way to do it.
So just a sidebar on like, we're still
living in a world maybe we don't all have
to support IE for anymore, but we're still
all living in a world where we do have
a whole bunch of different user agents.
And different devices, and
different, you know, all this stuff.
So, we have a lot of
try-catching in our lives.
And so, since this is a live feed,
and it can be running the whole time,
we can just start playing it.
Let's do that.
And let's save this, and
let's see if we've made any progress.
Am I getting any errors?
No, okay, what's gonna happen?
Drumroll, please, honestly confused.
Hey, [LAUGH] we got a ceiling, [LAUGH].